hey what's up guys today i will show you
the american thriller science fiction
film jurassic world
the giant eggs are shown as the film
starts these eggs belong to dinosaur
one of the dinosaurs babies is trying to
be hatched
then a kid comes on the scene he was
keenly interested to see the variety of
dinosaurs
that kid has also an elder brother and
their interests were same
those kids parents sent them to their
aunt to spend the vacation
their aunt was the manager of a park
named jurassic underscore world
those kids aunt name is claire she is
very busy at that day
so she sends her worker to pick those
kids up those kids are excited when they
meet their aunt claire claire hands over
them in entrance pass so they may enjoy
and not wait
then a geneticist is shown they have
introduced a new strong dinosaur through
the transgene
and this modification of genes belonged
to indominus rex and colossal
and these both dinosaurs are very
threatening and powerful and their
created dinosaur was most threatening
than those two dinosaurs and they have
named rex to this new dinosaur their
purpose was to get the success after
this this jurassic underscore world will
be famous in the whole world and the
people will visit here as a result they
get much financial profit after this the
owner of jurassic underscore world comes
on the scene and their character name is
mr simon masrani claire accompanies them
to show them the new dinosaur threats
they are left astonished seeing craig's
dinosaur because the glass was scratched
by wrecks because it had attempted to
escape from here they say to make the
strict security of park that ex-worker
owned should be hired in their group
they also asked claire that own should
show the enclosure of trex
he was saying it because owen had much
information about dinosaur
and he is taming the four raptors in the
current time raptors are also the specie
of dinosaur he has named one of the
raptors blue which was his most loving
then the owner of jurassic underscore
world moves to owen and he suggests owen
to join their jurassic underscore worlds
team
that security head also says to owen
that we want to use your raptors in the
battle
because these raptors can help out the
people in the war but owen directly
rejects this request then a boy is
fallen into the enclosure of raptors
raptors are nearly to kill that boy
while attacking then owen appears to
rescue him he had a trust on it that his
raptors will not attack him so owen
comes out of the enclosure of the
raptors rescuing that boy
on the other side the kids are shown who
are enjoying in the park
they are excited witnessing the dinosaur
of water afterwards flare is same who
comes to oral here it is known that
claire and owen had some feelings for
each other
claire informs owen about that dangerous
dinosaur treks
so owen goes along with claire to have a
look of wrecks
reaching near its enclosure they find
that rex is not present there
there were the marks of rux's claws on
the wall they understand seeing it that
rex has tried to escape from here
and it has really escaped so claire
immediately moves to the control room
because a tracker had been fixed with
cracks and she can trace it through the
tracker player contacts control rooms
members and she asks about breaks from
them control room workers tells claire
after tracking trex that
rex is in its enclosure they also
informed claire along with it that owen
and some workers have entered the
enclosure of craigs
claire is very afraid hearing it so she
says to the workers of the control room
bring them out soon when owen and his
worker know about it that rex is there
so they begin to clean
but rex also appears there hearing their
voice one of the workers removed the
barrier of the enclosure in confusion
after being panicked
that worker runs from there doing so
owen is also running from there while
saving his life but rex is also run
after him outside breaking everything
rex catches that worker who had removed
the barrier of enclosure
and it victimizes him on the other side
owen is seen who is hidden under the car
owen sprinkles the fuel on him so rex
may not sense the smell of his flesh
and it also happens the same as rex
leaves that place
then owen enters the control room safe
and sound then owen asks claire where
has drex gone
claire tells him that it has escaped
from here and rex has run to the forest
and our strong team has departed to
capture him they catch drex with the
help of that tracker which was fixed in
his body
rex was intelligent and also sharp so it
had thrown its tracker removing it
all are left astonished seeing this
action of tracks may any animal so
clever and sharp
then rex appears from a mid of the
bushes which was keeping an eye on them
for a long time
team members try to capture wrecks but
it victimizes them one by one
owen says to them seeing it close the
park soon
because rex is most powerful and
threatening player makes the northern
sector of the park to save the lives of
the people
northern sector is the place where rex
was present afterwards claire's nephews
are shown who were enjoying in the park
they are looking at the dinosaurs
sitting in the gyrosphere then claire
contacts her nephews those kids tell her
that we are in the northern sector of
the park
claire says to the come out of this
place as soon as possible
but the call is disconnected because of
the signal issue those kids know that
the park rides have been banned there
but they still wanted to enjoy more but
the younger kid does not take this news
seriously and he moved the gyrosphere in
that area which was prohibited there
were also dinosaurs but they were not
dangerous
then rex appears there and it ends all
the dinosaurs
those kids are frightened witnessing it
then cracks also attacks on that kid's
gyrosphere but that gyrosphere was very
solid so it is not damaged for some time
but that gyrosphere is damaged and both
kids fall down both kids reach the
falling water while running
[Music]
rex also comes after them before it
victimizes them both kids jump into the
water showing their intelligence
seeing it rex moves away and both kids
are survived player comes to own and
says that kids are in northern sector
then owen goes with claire in order to
save kids lives
they find the dead bodies of the
dinosaurs on the way and they were
killed by rex claire is grieved
witnessing all dead dinosaurs then she
leaves the place to rescue the kids then
they move to that area of the forest
where kids gyrosphere was lying
they noticed that gyrosphere is in very
bad condition it was completely damaged
saying it jurassic undiscovered is very
frightened then owen observes the
footprints of the kids noticing it owen
says to flair that your nephews are very
wise and brilliant
they will have to take actions wisely so
they have rescued they reach the falling
stream while chasing the footprints of
the kids
owen says to claire we should return as
kids surely will be saved
because it is not out of risk moving
forward but claire does not agree with
him she wanted to move ahead to rescue
her nephews then players nephews are
seen who had approached in an old garage
of the votes
they drive away after repairing a car
when claire and owen hear the sound of
car driving then they also approach
there
they come to know coming there that kids
have escaped from here with safety
rex appears there as they were thinking
to move away while repairing the car
which attacks them
[Music]
security head says to mr masrani that we
should use the rafters of owen in order
to capture rex
but they did not want to free the
raptors in the park
because they prove a threat for the
people so they themselves go to catch
wrecks they notice that rex is chasing
claire so they attacked rex with their
machine guns
but it is missed rex breaks the cage of
the raptors one of other raptors is
crashed with the helicopter of mr
masrani
it also causes the crash of their
helicopter and they die due to this
claire receives her co-workers called
she tells her that we have searched out
the kids through the security cameras
the kids are in our custody and they are
safe and sound
claire says to her i am coming to you to
pick them up
take care of them till that time and
player goes to pick them up along with
owen
contrarily reptiles are seen which
attack the people coming in the
population players co-worker comes on
the scene who was recusing both of kids
but one of the raptors flies away taking
claire's co-worker and the water
dinosaur engulfs that raptor and players
co-worker meanwhile claire and owen also
reach there they all four begin to move
away together then security head is seen
who goes forwards raptors after the
death of mr masrani
he fixes a device on raptors so he may
keep an eye on him then owen comes to
know that his raptors are being brought
into the work so he becomes aggressive
he asks about his raptors while going to
meet security head both are you owen has
to agree with security head having no
plan
[Music]
they all plan to capture treks owen
makes his raptors smell threats and he
frees them from the cage those raptors
run to the forest and they find trex
there and owen also reaches there with
his full team here the astonishing fact
is revealed as that
raptor and cracks begin to talk with
each other
owen understands here that rex is surely
a raptor
so they are communicating to each other
they attack wrecks and they wound wrecks
with an explosive bomb
but rex has lured the raptors while
talking with them
now those raptors support wrecks they
attack the team claire is very afraid
sitting in a car but a team member asks
her to escape from here so claire moves
while driving her car speedily then owen
also approaches there and asks player
follow me
then they reach the control room safe
and sound security head reveals that i
want to take the support of these four
raptors in the battle to help the people
but a raptor attacks the security head
reaching there and it eats its flesh
after killing him brutally claire and
owen come outside taking all three kids
where all remaining raptors surround
them owen talks with his loving blue
raptor and he also removed the device
fixed on its head
now they all three raptors restore their
normal condition then drex also appears
there being restored raptors attack
wrecks but rex kills them one by one as
being strongest
claire's younger nephew says that same
strong dinosaur is required if they have
to rescue their lives
claire hits upon a plan hearing it so
she calls the most threatening dinosaur
named t-rex dinosaur
claire makes it chase her showing the
flare light and it brings t-rex to trex
while making it chase
where the two dangerous dinosaurs wrecks
and t-rex confront each other
there is a great fight between both
dinosaurs rex wounds t-rex as being
stronger
[Music]
then blue raptor of owen reaches their
witch attacks ranks
wounded t-rex also attacks rex getting a
chance
there is great fight among three
[Music]
then water dinosaur catches wrecks with
its sharp teeth and it drags it into the
water with it and it kills it dragging
there now wrecks are finished and t-rex
was also injured badly
so it moves away owen gesticulates blue
raptor and it also moves away
then claire's sister arrives there to
take her kids she gratifies claire as
she rescued her kids and owen also did
the same there were also other people
wounded by raptors this movie completes
on this scene you can watch the more
videos of such thrilling cyber film by
clicking on the skin
if you like our videos you can like
comment and share
to get daily updates of the channel's
videos you must subscribe and turn on
the notification and play the bell
button
thank you so much for watching the video
with your precious time